{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green177\blue50;\red198\green50\blue253;\red255\green39\blue18;
\red46\green111\blue253;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16760\viewh11200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 ErrorScript Notes
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
Script Set Up\ulnone \
Before you use this script, you must have PadSync installed on your Mac.  This is the file transfer system between the iPad and the Mac.  \
\ul \
USING THE SCRIPT\ulnone \
\
Double click on the script.\
\
A window pops up that says "\cf2 Please plug in your iPad to the Mac computer."\
\cf0 Press okay.  \
\
A window pops up that says "\cf2 Your error information will be stored on the desktop under Error_Archives"\
\cf0 Press okay.\
B\
A prompt will pop up that asks to "\cf2 Insert van identification, example: Holley\cf0 " The first time you open this script, this will be empty.  Then it will save whatever you enter in this file to a .txt file and it will use that as the default after the first use of the app.  \
\
The date and time in the form YYYY_MM_DD_HHMM is added to the end of the name Van ID for the title of the folder in which the information is stored.  \
\
"\cf2 Please wait while the activity monitor is automatically saved\cf0 ."  It takes a few seconds and the script types in the name of the file and saves it to the desktop.  It is then moved into the error folder.\
\
Next prompt says "\cf2 Please open the status bar in DVX so a screenshot can be saved. (Press the spacebar to save a particular window)\cf0 "  This will be saved to Error_Archives under the error folder.\
Press okay, then you have two options.  \
	1.	Press spacebar, and click on the DVX window.  This will take a screenshot of that 		window.  \
	2.	Drag your mouse, which will create a rectangle.  The screenshot will be whatever is in 		that rectangle.  \
\
\cf2 "Would you like to take another screenshot?\cf0 "  Yes  or no.  Then repeat the previous steps to take the screenshot.  \
\
The console log is saved to the error folder without any prompts.  \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf3 iPad Version\
"Please wait while the zip file is uploaded to your iPad."  \
PadSync is opened, and the apps sync whatever data they are looking for to the iPad.  For some reason, you cannot automatically add a file to the iPad without this app.  \
"Open the Emailer App on your iPad and press 'Send Email'.  Please contact your Digilog representative."\
Notes about the road conditions (bumpy) and speed (mph) can be added to the email.  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf4 FSO script:\
"Please contact your Digilog representative."\cf0 \
\
\cf5 State script:\
"What email would you like to send this to?\
default:  elocke@mandli.com  (we will change each script to the specific Digilog rep)\
A draft will be saved to the drafts folder in the mail.  \
"An email has been saved to your drafts folder.  Please send the email after you have exited DVX."\
\
\
\
}